From 1000 simulations these graphics display mean dominant height and mean basal area

Mean dominant Height and mean basal area is reduced in the higher frequency disturbance regime due to the effects of catastrophes "resetting" the stand to an earlier age. 

Add n(simulations) to all graphs), show the thinning in the deterministic setting as well or both thinned and unthinned, describe the condition for thinning rule.

Why does TPA go up in the most uncertain case?

Make the number of stand value near the mean itself, fix the box and whisker plots display.

Shift the thin effect plot up to start the green line @ 300
	

Discussion:

In the future we might make some enhancements to the various kinds of risk that might be made and the way it 
is represented. Zelig and other GAP models that require a seed to run growth scenarios. Steve Garmin. 

Some people want the same answer every time, getting a different answer every time the model is run is 
uncomfortable for some. However, using Monte Carlo methods allows us to not get just a single answer, but a 
distribution over possible outcomes which might be seen by some as robust to uncertain outcomes.

The Monte-Carlo valuation approach is used to compare the value functions of the stand MDPs, we stop short of 
applying full reinforcement learning to solve management regimes under uncertainty. The key insight we provide 
is that rule-based action "triggers" which conditionally evaluate if a certain action is reasonable
under normative operational constraints is preferable to the raw continuous action space that is often used 
in standard MDPs. 

---
Conclusion:

By extending empirical, deterministic growth models with stochastic process noise and probabilistic disturbance 
regimes, we create a stochastic simulator to capture the uncertainties latent in the development of pine stands. 
This simulator is then used to evaluate the hidden cost of deterministic management policies and the importance 
of accounting for uncertainty in long-horizon timber management, even in the relatively short rotation age of the 
pine stands considered in this study. 

Deterministic simulations consistently bias projected stand values, with the expected value of the stand 
diminishing with increasing uncertainty. Indeed, the expected value of the stand may even be negative in the 
most uncertain case due to the catastrophic effects of frequent disturbances. 

Rather than a fixed, deterministic projection of value in the deterministic case, we use Monte Carlo 
simulation to generate a distribution of possible values, with the most uncertain case exhibiting a wide range 
of possible values and a higher likelihood of negative values. In this MDP framework, the value function 
represents the expected value of the stand at the end of the rotation, given a particular management policy 
and a particular disturbance regime. 



Limitations:

---
Adjust the introduction to match the actual implementation of the stochastic simulator.